For my final project, I would like to do an extension of my data hub post. My shorter data hub posts examines snowfall in Tahoe City over the last fifteen years, and there is a clear and significant drop in snowfall over the last three. However, I would like to see if there is a visible trend over a longer period of time. Experts agree that climate change has affected snowfall, and I am interested to see if there is an actual visible pattern.
I currently have a Tableau visualization that has five line graphs that illustrate snowfall in Tahoe City monthly for 2009-2014 (each year is one line, all stacked on the same graph). I have access to snowfall data since 1905, so I can create a visualization that illustrates change (or lack thereof, depending on my findings) over the last 110 years. I will use a line graph just like my data hub post, but instead of having lines for every year visible on the same chart, I would like to animate it so the line for each year pops up automatically, allowing the reader to see if the line shifts. Essentially, I want it to operate like a flip book: the year will change on the screen at a somewhat fast past, illustrating the motion of the line/snowfall. 
	In terms of next steps, I have talked with you and Cheryl about how to construct such an animation (I will be using this for Cheryl’s final project as well). You said that you created a similar animation for the Data Driven conference, so hopefully you can teach me!
	I have also been in contact with Bob Roberts (yes, that is his real name), who is the president of the California Ski Industries Association and Mark Seiderman, a meteorologist for the NOAA. Both of them have given me data on climate change and snowfall, and have directed me toward other resources I can use for my fleshed out reporting (according to Cheryl, I’ll have a small story to accompany the viz).
